We were called here to say this
Take it, there's money in it
happy
I was wrong, I dare not threaten you with the recording.
I will delete all backups
But Boss Qin
And a backup of my recordings
And signed a debt agreement 5 million
What to do then?
He will definitely threaten you with those
There is only one way now
It was us who infiltrated Boss Jin
Put the terms
And the cash was taken out of his safe
Then we fly away
Xiao Yang
Are you really willing to leave with me?
Of course I would.
Wang Yang I love you
I only have you
Xiao Yang, it's not too late
Let's just go
You are waiting for me downstairs
If I'm not out in half an hour
Just leave.
Wang Yang
Everything be careful
OK